now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of
now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel he was indeed the firstborn but
Israel he was indeed the firstborn but
Israel he was indeed the firstborn but because he defiled his father's bared
because he defiled his father's bared
because he defiled his father's bared his birthright was given to the sons of
his birthright was given to the sons of
his birthright was given to the sons of Joseph the son of Israel so that the
Joseph the son of Israel so that the
Joseph the son of Israel so that the genealogy is not listed according to the
genealogy is not listed according to the
genealogy is not listed according to the birthright yet Judah prevailed over his
birthright yet Judah prevailed over his
birthright yet Judah prevailed over his brothers and from him came a ruler
brothers and from him came a ruler
brothers and from him came a ruler although the birthright was Joseph's the
although the birthright was Joseph's the
although the birthright was Joseph's the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel
sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel
sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel were Hynek Palio hezron and Carmi the
were Hynek Palio hezron and Carmi the
were Hynek Palio hezron and Carmi the sons of jewel were Chimere his son GOG
sons of jewel were Chimere his son GOG
sons of jewel were Chimere his son GOG his son Shem EE his son Micah his son
his son Shem EE his son Micah his son
his son Shem EE his son Micah his son R'lyeh his son bail his son and be ehre
R'lyeh his son bail his son and be ehre
R'lyeh his son bail his son and be ehre his son whom TIG laughs police' king of
his son whom TIG laughs police' king of
his son whom TIG laughs police' king of Assyria carried into captivity he was
Assyria carried into captivity he was
Assyria carried into captivity he was leader of the rubra Knights and his
leader of the rubra Knights and his
leader of the rubra Knights and his brethren by their families when the
brethren by their families when the
brethren by their families when the genealogy of their generations was
genealogy of their generations was
genealogy of their generations was registered the chief GI o and Zechariah
registered the chief GI o and Zechariah
registered the chief GI o and Zechariah and healer the son of Athens the son of
and healer the son of Athens the son of
and healer the son of Athens the son of sheba the son of jove who dwelt in
sheba the son of jove who dwelt in
sheba the son of jove who dwelt in aurora as far as Nebo and Bale mia
aurora as far as Nebo and Bale mia
aurora as far as Nebo and Bale mia eastwood they settled as far as the
eastwood they settled as far as the
eastwood they settled as far as the entrance of the wilderness this side of
entrance of the wilderness this side of
entrance of the wilderness this side of the river euphrates because their cattle
the river euphrates because their cattle
the river euphrates because their cattle had multiplied in the land of Gilead now
had multiplied in the land of Gilead now
had multiplied in the land of Gilead now in the days of soul they made war with
in the days of soul they made war with
in the days of soul they made war with the hag rats who fell by their hand and
the hag rats who fell by their hand and
the hag rats who fell by their hand and they dwelt in their tents throughout the
they dwelt in their tents throughout the
they dwelt in their tents throughout the entire area east of Gilead and the
entire area east of Gilead and the
entire area east of Gilead and the children of gad dwelt next to them in
children of gad dwelt next to them in
children of gad dwelt next to them in the land of Dacian as far as selca joel
the land of Dacian as far as selca joel
the land of Dacian as far as selca joel was the chief Chafin the next then j'ni
was the chief Chafin the next then j'ni
was the chief Chafin the next then j'ni and Schaffer impatiens and their
and Schaffer impatiens and their
and Schaffer impatiens and their brethren of their father's house Michael
brethren of their father's house Michael
brethren of their father's house Michael mashaallah m-- Sheba Jiraiya
mashaallah m-- Sheba Jiraiya
mashaallah m-- Sheba Jiraiya jaqen Ziya and Eber 7 in all these were
jaqen Ziya and Eber 7 in all these were
jaqen Ziya and Eber 7 in all these were the children of ABBA hail the son of
the children of ABBA hail the son of
the children of ABBA hail the son of Hugh died the son of Jareau the son of
Hugh died the son of Jareau the son of
Hugh died the son of Jareau the son of Gilead the son of Michael the son of
Gilead the son of Michael the son of
Gilead the son of Michael the son of Jesse che the son of Giada the son of
Jesse che the son of Giada the son of
Jesse che the son of Giada the son of buzz a high the son of Abdiel the son of
buzz a high the son of Abdiel the son of
buzz a high the son of Abdiel the son of goon I was chief of their father's house
goon I was chief of their father's house
goon I was chief of their father's house and the gadites dwelt in gilead
and the gadites dwelt in gilead
and the gadites dwelt in gilead impatiens and in its villages and in all
impatiens and in its villages and in all
impatiens and in its villages and in all the common lands of sharon within their
the common lands of sharon within their
the common lands of sharon within their borders all these were registered by
borders all these were registered by
borders all these were registered by genealogies in the days of Joseph king
genealogies in the days of Joseph king
genealogies in the days of Joseph king of Judah and in the days of Jeroboam
of Judah and in the days of Jeroboam
of Judah and in the days of Jeroboam king of Israel the sons of Reuben the
king of Israel the sons of Reuben the
king of Israel the sons of Reuben the gadites and half the tribe of Manasseh
gadites and half the tribe of Manasseh
gadites and half the tribe of Manasseh had forty four thousand seven hundred
had forty four thousand seven hundred
had forty four thousand seven hundred and sixty valiant men men able to bear
and sixty valiant men men able to bear
and sixty valiant men men able to bear shield and sword to shoot with a bow and
shield and sword to shoot with a bow and
shield and sword to shoot with a bow and skilful in war who went to war they made
skilful in war who went to war they made
skilful in war who went to war they made war with the hag rights jito nefesh and
war with the hag rights jito nefesh and
war with the hag rights jito nefesh and Noda and they were helped against them
Noda and they were helped against them
Noda and they were helped against them and the hag rights were delivered into
and the hag rights were delivered into
and the hag rights were delivered into their hand and all who were with them
their hand and all who were with them
their hand and all who were with them for they cried out to God in the battle
for they cried out to God in the battle
for they cried out to God in the battle he heated their prayer because they put
he heated their prayer because they put
he heated their prayer because they put their trust in him
their trust in him
their trust in him then they took away their livestock
then they took away their livestock
then they took away their livestock fifty thousand of their camels 250
fifty thousand of their camels 250
fifty thousand of their camels 250 thousand of their sheep and two thousand
thousand of their sheep and two thousand
thousand of their sheep and two thousand of their donkeys also one hundred
of their donkeys also one hundred
of their donkeys also one hundred thousand of their men for many fell dead
thousand of their men for many fell dead
thousand of their men for many fell dead because the war was guards and they
because the war was guards and they
because the war was guards and they dwelt in their place until the captivity
dwelt in their place until the captivity
dwelt in their place until the captivity so the children of the half tribe of
so the children of the half tribe of
so the children of the half tribe of manasseh dwelt in the land their numbers
manasseh dwelt in the land their numbers
manasseh dwelt in the land their numbers increased from vation to bail Herrmann
increased from vation to bail Herrmann
increased from vation to bail Herrmann that is to Cena or Mount Hermon these
that is to Cena or Mount Hermon these
that is to Cena or Mount Hermon these were the heads of their fathers houses
were the heads of their fathers houses
were the heads of their fathers houses Aoife issuing Elias real Jeremiah wrote
Aoife issuing Elias real Jeremiah wrote
Aoife issuing Elias real Jeremiah wrote Avaya
Avaya
Avaya and giardia they were mighty men of
and giardia they were mighty men of
and giardia they were mighty men of valor famous men and heads of their
valor famous men and heads of their
valor famous men and heads of their fathers houses and they were unfaithful
fathers houses and they were unfaithful
fathers houses and they were unfaithful to the God of their fathers and played
to the God of their fathers and played
to the God of their fathers and played the harlot after the gods of the peoples
the harlot after the gods of the peoples
the harlot after the gods of the peoples of the land whom God had destroyed
of the land whom God had destroyed
of the land whom God had destroyed before them so the God of Israel stirred
before them so the God of Israel stirred
before them so the God of Israel stirred up the spirit of power king of Assyria
up the spirit of power king of Assyria
up the spirit of power king of Assyria that is tiglath-pileser a king of
that is tiglath-pileser a king of
that is tiglath-pileser a king of Assyria he carried the rubra nights the
Assyria he carried the rubra nights the
Assyria he carried the rubra nights the gadites and the half tribe of manasseh
gadites and the half tribe of manasseh
gadites and the half tribe of manasseh into captivity he took them to Haila hey
into captivity he took them to Haila hey
into captivity he took them to Haila hey Bala Hara and the river of Gaza to this
Bala Hara and the river of Gaza to this
Bala Hara and the river of Gaza to this day
day
day you